In the last video, we had a look at how we turn our React created with create react app into a progressive
web app,
actually that it is one out of the box.
Now what is if you don't use create react app but your own workflow?
Well then we're back to the last module where I showed you how to use workbox and where I also hinted
you towards the webpack plugin if you're using that which you probably do.
So this again then just means you use the features you learned in the course, you use the workbox plugin
if you want to to automate some things.
You add a manifest.json file,
you add a service worker, you add whichever logic you want,
background synchronization, caching, dynamic caching, whichever strategy you want, this code doesn't change.
And then you just implement it into your workflow,
for example through this webpack plugin or simply by not using it in your workflow and just importing
your handwritten service worker file in your index.html file which you probably have in any single
page application.
Simply import it there, write Javascript code which registers it
and you're done.
So this is what I really want you to take away, the things you learned here can be applied to any project
and you saw some examples specifically targeting React
but in the end, it's more of which workflow do you use question, the features you use and how you use
them stays the same.